Improve docs architecture (#34)
neo4j/docs-spark: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= Neo4j Connector for Apache Spark
:page-aliases: overview.adoc

:description: This chapter provides an introduction to the Neo4j Connector for Apache Spark.

> The Neo4j Connector for Apache Spark is intended to make integrating graphs with Spark easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Neo4j Connector for Apache Spark can be used to transfer data to and from Neo4j to Spark based platforms including Apache Spark, Databricks and data warehouses like Snowflake, and Amazon Redshift. Please refer to xref:dwh.adoc[].
```

There are effectively two ways of using the connector:

- **As a data source**: you can read any set of nodes or relationships as a DataFrame in Spark.
- **As a sink**: you can write any DataFrame to Neo4j as a collection of nodes or relationships or use a Cypher statement to process records in a DataFrame into the graph pattern of your choice.

== Multiple languages support

Because the connector is based on the new Spark DataSource API, other Spark interpreters for languages such as Python and R work.

The API remains the same, and mostly only slight syntax changes are necessary to accommodate the differences between (for example) Python
and Scala.

== Compatibility

=== Neo4j compatibility
This connector works with Neo4j 4.4 and 5.x, whether run as a single instance,

>  as a cluster, or a managed service in Neo4j AuraDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 as a cluster, or a managed service in Neo4j Aura.
```

> The connector does not rely on any Enterprise Edition features and as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector supports Community and Enterprise Edition, however schema optimization is only available on Enterprise.
```
